### General Commands

- **Island Creation and Management**:
    - `skyllia.island.command.create`: Create an island.
    - `skyllia.island.command.create.<type>`: Create an island of a specific type.
    - `skyllia.island.command.delete`: Delete your island.
    - `skyllia.island.command.sethome`: Set the spawn and visit point of your island.
    - `skyllia.island.command.biome`: Choose the biome of your island's chunk.
    - `skyllia.island.command.setwarp`: Set a named warp on your island.
    - `skyllia.island.command.delwarp`: Delete a warp from your island.
- **Member and Visitor Management**:
    - `skyllia.island.command.expel`: Expel a visitor from your island.
    - `skyllia.island.command.invite`: Invite a player to become a member of your island.
    - `skyllia.island.command.kick`: Kick a lower-ranked member from your island.
    - `skyllia.island.command.permission`: Modify permissions for lower-ranked members.
    - `skyllia.island.command.promote`: Promote a member to a rank lower than yours.
    - `skyllia.island.command.demote`: Demote a member unless they have an equivalent or higher rank.

### Navigation and Access

- `skyllia.island.command.visit`: Visit another player's island.
- `skyllia.island.command.home`: Teleport to your island's spawn point.
- `skyllia.island.command.warp`: Teleport to a warp on the island.
- `skyllia.island.command.leave`: Leave the island where you reside (not usable by the island owner).
- `skyllia.island.command.access`: Open or close access to your island for visitors.

### Player-Specific Island Permissions

**Command to modify permissions
**: `/skyllia permissions <type> <ban/visitor/member/moderator/co_owner/owner> <permissions> <true/false>`
**Permissions**:

- `DEMOTE`: Allow a role to demote a member based on rank.
- `PROMOTE`: Allow a role to promote a member based on rank.
- `KICK`: Allow a role to kick a member based on rank.
- `ACCESS`: Allow a role to open or close the island.
- `SET_HOME`: Allow a role to redefine the island's home.
- `INVITE`: Allow a role to invite a member without an island.
- `SET_BIOME`: Allow a role to change the biome of an island chunk.
- `SET_WARP`: Allow a role to create a warp on the island.
- `DEL_WARP`: Allow a role to delete a warp.
- `TP_WARP`: Allow a role to teleport to a warp.
- `EXPEL`: Allow a role to expel someone from the island.
- `MANAGE_PERMISSION`: Allow a role to manage permissions for different ranks.
